Good morning, everybody.
I just wanted to come on and tell you all a word that the Lord has for you today.
I just want to introduce my son, Braden.
'Hey, what's up?
I'm the editor for 90% of his videos.
I edit the shorts.
You guys are being nice to me in the comments; you're all asking, 'Who's the editor?
' and it was me.
' The Lord's really gifted him, and he's trying really hard.
'Yeah, I try to make them match.
I try to do the math and stuff.
It's a lot of work, but I hope you all enjoy it; it's fun.
' He's 15 years old.
'Yeah, I try to make the shorts, try to pick the topics and stuff.
So if you guys have any ideas for shorts, just let me know down in the comments so I can make some better shorts because everybody seems to really like the end-time stuff—what's going to happen and what we're fixing to head into.
' This is my son right here; I'm really proud of him.
He works really hard, he's really smart, he does well at school, and he loves Jesus with all his heart.
'Yeah, I try really hard.
I have a good upcoming short soon; I'm making it right now.
' Oh, praise the Lord!
I just wanted to bring him on here and show him off.
I'm really proud of him and just tell people that he loves Jesus.
I'm going to bring each one of my children on and introduce them to you all.
This is the day I told him I wanted to introduce the man behind the camera.
He's my prayer; he prays with me.
He sits with me every night and we intercede, and I'm teaching him how to intercede and dip in those rivers.
He's learned a lot.
We take communion.
He was there whenever we raised the dog from the dead.
He was there whenever I squashed the dog to death by accident.
Yeah, it was by accident.
My wife's behind the camera right now; she's holding the camera.
If you haven't seen that video, we'll link it in the description.
God raised that dog from the dead; it was special.
Ever since he was a little baby boy in diapers, I've been teaching him.
He's been baptized in the Holy Ghost and speaking in tongues since he was five years old.
He sees in the spirit too, and the Lord shows him things in dreams.
It's the same with my daughter, and you'll meet her, probably in the next video—our youngest daughter.
Family is important to me, and I just wanted to show you all my son and introduce you.
He's a real blessing.
Okay, about the spirit of forebodings and being in intercessory prayer.
This is very important that you hear this because there are a lot of times you can feel that heaviness—you feel that urge to intercede and you're in the moment and you're like, 'Man, I feel like there's a weight in the spirit realm on you.
' What happens is the demonic tries to imitate the spiritual realm, and the devil tries to push you into things—push, push, push.
This is one of the instances of what I'm trying to tell you: you can walk around and always have a spirit of heaviness.
It's like a heaviness on you.
You think, 'Well, it's the Lord and the burden to pray.
' No, it's not.
There's a spirit of forebodings and it tries to come on and push you into that place to make you not live in a state of joy.
The fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, patience, kindness, goodness, gentleness, and self-control.
You need to understand that when you're not walking in that joy, when you're not walking in the fruits of the Spirit, there's something wrong.
To walk in the fruits of the Spirit, we have to have the preparation of the gospel of peace on our feet.
If your shoes are not on your feet—the preparation of the gospel of peace—and you're not walking in peace, you're barefoot and the rest of your armor is messed up because you have to have good shoes on to walk on the serpents and the scorpions with the shield of faith.
You've got to have all those things to quench all the fiery darts of the wicked.
You need the sword of the Spirit, which is the word of God, to go and cut that devil up.
You need to be able to have the helmet of salvation and the breastplate of righteousness.
The spirit of forebodings will come and try to torment you.
You have got to take authority over that and make sure that whenever you're going into intercession, you're not being tormented by a spirit of forebodings—a fearful apprehension, a feeling that something bad is about to happen.
You've got to make sure that spirit is not pushing you: 'Something bad's about to happen, we got to intercede.
' We got to walk that way.
That's the way it was for me forever.
I had that for years, always walking around thinking something bad was about to happen.
'Oh no, I feel heaviness, it must be...
' And when the Lord showed me this, He said, 'Brandon, this is a spirit of foreboding that's bothering you all the time.
This isn't a spirit of intercession; you need to be able to learn the discernment of how to divide it.
' So I started taking authority, and if I start to feel that or anything like that, I go, 'Uh-uh.
Is this a spirit of forebodings, or is this the Holy Ghost leading me to start interceding for something?
' When you start binding that spirit back and say, 'No, I will not yield to a spirit of forebodings, but I will yield to the Holy Ghost and I will pray in the Holy Ghost right now,' I bind any spirit; you're not going to torment me because I'm not going to walk in torment.
Fear hath torment, but perfect love casteth out all fear.
You can't allow that to happen because I'm telling you, you'll start crawling underneath that rock every day, and it'll keep leading you that way, and you'll live in a heaviness and go around like Eeyore—you know, 'woe is me, everything's falling apart.
' You can't do that.
You've got to be the Tigger and go, 'Hey, ha ha, I got joy!
' I hate to use that as an illustration, y'all, but when you have kids, you see Winnie the Pooh.
Walk in the spirit of joy, walk in peace, walk in the fruits of the Spirit.
Another thing I need to tell you: the Holy Spirit is a person.
He's a gentleman, and when you invite Him into your life, He will...
last night I was worshiping and He said, 'You've dumped out enough through these videos.
You need to fill yourself back up.
I need to spend some time with you.
I need you to separate yourself for a while now.
' Before all the videos, it has been a big adjustment for me because the time that I'm doing these videos or answering your comments, I used to spend in prayer and worship and seeking Him.
And He said, 'I need you to just take your time and separate right now.
Don't make a video; don't think about a video.
I need you to dip in the river right now.
I need you to do this for Me.
' And I stopped and I said, 'Well, okay, Lord.
' And the presence of God took a little bit, and I started getting in there.
I started singing the song.
Like I'm telling y'all, I worship Him, and in His presence, there's fullness of joy.
I said, 'Worship Him,' and I start singing songs and I get into His presence.
I will enter His gates with thanksgiving in my heart; I enter into those courts, and I will enter in His courts with praise.
I will say this is the day that the Lord has made.
I will rejoice and be glad...
He has made me glad, He has made me glad, I will rejoice for He has made me glad.
You have to get there.
You have to train yourself to step into that glory river, and the more you do it, the easier and faster you get there.
It's like a muscle.
You keep lifting those spiritual weights, you keep working out, and you'll start jumping in those rivers really quick.
Honestly, when people say, 'Oh, my prayer life is so dry,' you've got to push through those dry times.
You don't give up.
You keep pushing through that wall by prayer, thanksgiving, and worship.
When you get through that wall, you'll get into the river, you'll get in this gusher, and you'll start getting into that flow so strong.
And that's whenever He'll start taking you places.
I'll start interceding about things, and I'll hear...
what's really cool, and I hope this is kind of deep, but you all need a little bit of deep today.
I can hear the prayers of the intercessors outside.
A lot of times, I'll go into the spirit and I can hear.
I listen for this one elderly woman—I know she's elderly; I assume she's probably in her 80s because she knows how to flow in the rivers big time—and it's almost like a heartbeat.
You can start going in the spirit realm like a heartbeat with people in other parts of the world, and you start to sway in, and like a fish, you're swimming in the stream with them.
You can start swimming in the stream in the spirit with them.
I notice these intercessors, and the Lord will call me beside them even in my own home.
I've never met these people, but when I get to heaven, I know I will.
I can go beside them because they always pray at a certain time and I always pray at certain times, and they'll go.
But inside me, we'll pray and we'll flow in the spirit realm with them.
I can feel it, and it's like a symphony; it's beautiful music.
It's a symphony, but we're praying and we're bringing down the strongholds, setting people free and the captives free.
The spirit realm is more real than the natural.
I hope you all realize the spirit realm is so real.
It's so amazing what goes on when you start tapping into the rivers and you start going in with the Holy Ghost and flowing with Him in intercessory prayer.
You'll start to notice people; you'll start to notice their heartbeat.
You can feel them in the spirit realm when you're praying.
I'm not talking about being weird, because some of you get really weird, you know, talking to angels and doing all that stuff.
I'm not talking about that.
You pray, and you can get into some really cool stuff in the spirit realm when you're praying and you grow spiritually.
This is big boy stuff, big girl stuff.
This isn't little baby stuff I'm talking about; this is deep.
This is going to the deep rivers.
I'm trying to tell you all, there's a spirit on this you don't have a clue about.
A lot of you are clueless about what goes on, even in the cults and the things they do.
It's time for the body of Christ to grow up and start eating the meat.
It's time for you to stop drinking the milk; you've been on the milk of the word too long.
We've got to come up higher; we've got to come up and start grabbing hold of those T-bone steaks—or whatever, you may be vegan and that's your problem.
Bite some lettuce if you're a vegan, or whatever.
Let's just flow, y'all.
Let's not get off on this petty stuff.
But I'm going to tell you this: we can go into those rivers and, like I said, I could hear the people in Africa praying.
I can hear the people in Asia praying.
You can go in and out of those veins and you can pray with them.
The body of Christ is so cool.
The spirit realm is so cool, y'all.
Number two: I was down and really having a hard time.
I was at my mom and dad's church visiting, and I was worshiping.
I was dealing with some heaviness—those forebodings I was telling you all about just a little bit ago.
I was worshiping in their church, and all of a sudden there was a portal that opened up—a massive gateway.
A portal opened up in the front of the church.
I could see the ground; it was split where the portal was.
There was a huge circular portal; it was purple and pink and all kinds of beautiful colors.
It looked like cotton candy, like a Holy Ghost fog.
It was beautiful.
Jesus walks in with these angels—massive warring angels.
This is the first time I've ever seen Jesus with angels like this.
He walks in and stands before me.
Behind where the portal was, it lifted up and I could see all these feet.
They were barefoot; none of them had shoes on.
I could see gowns and robes, again like what I told you I saw in heaven.
I asked Jesus, 'What are all the feet?
' and He said, 'That is part of the great cloud of witnesses, and they've come to watch the service and what's going on here right now.
' I could hear them all talking.
You know how when you get in a crowd you can't really understand what they're saying because when you hear a lot of voices together they're saying something—I could hear all the voices talking, but I couldn't make out what they were saying.
There was activity going on in heaven, but they were watching.
I could see their gowns and everything behind when Jesus opened up the portal.
The portal lifted up and I could see in there—some trees and some stuff going on—but all I could see was from their feet to the middle of their waist.
They were all lined up and looking from heaven into Earth at what was going on in the service.
The King of Kings visited, and it was amazing; the glory was so thick.
Jesus came up to me and stood right in front of me.
It was in the spirit; it wasn't a full manifestation like flesh to flesh, like I had in my kitchen whenever He visited me that time.
That was too intense; I collapsed.
But I stood like this in the spirit realm and could see over in the spirit, and Jesus told me, 'My yoke is easy and my burden is light, Brandon.
You're thinking way too much.
You're meditating on the wrong thoughts way too much.
' He said, 'I want you to take the care out of your prayer.
Be careful for nothing, son; you're full of care.
' He said, 'Do you see this box?
' I was inside a big wooden box and I was trying so hard to get out, but I believed I was in this box and that it had a lid on it and I was trapped.
I was so bound by fear and torment all the time because of things I felt were going on in the world, in my family, and my house—a lot of occultist stuff.
It was rough at that time.
Jesus said, 'Brandon, there's no lid on the box.
You're set free.
All you've got to do is get out of the box.
Your thoughts are why you're in the box.
You're meditating on the wrong things.
You need to start meditating on the right thing.
Get in my word and meditate on my word.
You're meditating too much on the news and these wrong things.
My yoke is easy and my burden is light.
' He told me, 'You've got to stop thinking so much.
You think way too much.
' And He started laughing.
Jesus started laughing at the circumstances.
He said, 'Brandon, you've got to start laughing.
You've got to start enjoying life.
' He started laughing, and His laugh was so beautiful.
It was so deep; He chuckled and laughed.
He had beautiful, white, perfect straight teeth.
He just laughed and was rejoicing, like, 'You've got to laugh!
' I was fixed on His face.
I'd never seen Jesus laugh like this.
Everything has always been real serious when I've had these visitations, but this time He was laughing and telling me it's time to be full of joy.
He said I had black smudges on my clothes and on me from all of the demonic pressure that I was allowing in my life by my thought life.
I'm not going to tell you anything else He said because it's private, but He was just ministering to me.
He lifted me up and showed me how to get out of that box and get in the word.
The presence of God was so thick in that service that night.
The power of God set me free, and I've never been the same since.
These visitations have changed my life, and I've come to tell you these things because Jesus wants to change your life.
He wants to love on you and tell you how much He loves you.
I just wanted to encourage you all today that His yoke is easy and His burden is light.
Don't walk in a spirit of heaviness; walk in a garment of praise.
Be in that place of joy in your life because Jesus loves you so much.
There's a great cloud of witnesses watching us, smiling and cheering us on.
We have such a short amount of time before we get to go home.
Jesus is coming, and I hope this blessed you today.
Father, I thank You that You are bringing a spirit of peace and joy over their lives today.
I thank You that there's a garment of praise.
We give You that praise because You're worthy.
We give You the honor and glory because You deserve every bit of it, Lord.
You've cleansed us from all unrighteousness.
You've taken away all the sin from our lives.
You took the sickness and disease on your body.
You took poverty for us, Father.
I thank you.
Mental torment—you took it.
When they put that crown of thorns on your head, you took that on you, Father.
You said that you took all those things; you became those things so that we don't have to go through them.
What Jesus bore in his body, I need not bear in mine.
I thank you, Father, that you've set me free by the blood of the lamb and by the word of my testimony.
My testimony is great: Jesus Christ is my Lord and Savior.
I thank you all for joining me today.
I thank you all for being a part of this little community, my family here.
I thank you.
Please like my videos and share them; it really helps me with the algorithm.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much, and we thank you for being a part of this family.
God bless you all.
Bye-bye.